declare @actid int
declare @catid int=104
insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 1. Impact of Digital Technology Review Questions')
(True or False) A microprocessor is the “brains” of a computer.

(True or False) Embedded computers are standalone products that have many functions.

The basic premise of blank 1 is that objects can be tagged, tracked, and monitored through a local network, or across the Internet.

intelligent workspaces
the digital divide
the Internet of Things
artificial intelligence
(True or False) Computers with AI use human intelligence to make decisions.

(True or False) A digital citizen uses technology to be productive and efficient.

(True or False) A kiosk is a freestanding booth usually placed in a public area that can contain a display device used to show information to the public or event attendees.

blank 1 are smart devices that respond to a user’s verbal commands by using search technology to provide an answer to a question or perform a task.

ATMs
Green computers
Integrated circuits
Digital assistants
blank 1 text is descriptive text added to an object.

Associative
Alternative
Accessible
Assistive
(True or False) The ENERGY STAR program encourages manufacturers to reduce the amount of electricity used by computers and related devices.

BYOD stands for Bring Your Own blank 1.

Device
Daily planner
Database
Data
(True or False) An intelligent classroom is one in which technology is used to facilitate learning and communication.

Colleges use blank 1 management systems (LMSs) to set up web-based training sites where students can check their progress in a course, take practice tests, and exchange messages with the instructor or other students.

learning
linked
locational
live
(True or False) Automated vehicles decrease independent transportation options for people with disabilities.

(True or False) The mobile health (mHealth) trend refers to doctors and nurses using smartphones or tablets to access health records stored on mobile devices.

A company’s computers monitor assembly lines and equipment using blank 1 communications.

CAM
AI
IT
M2M
A company’s blank 1 department oversees the centralized computer equipment and administers the network.

operations
management
technical support
information security
(True or False) When looking for a job, you should use humorous or informal names for your account profiles, blog, or domain name to make yourself stand out.




insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 2. The Web Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
Each webpage is assigned a(n) blank 1, an address that identifies the location of the page on the Internet.

Internet Protocol (IP)

uniform resource locator (URL)

top-level domain (TLD)

Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)

In the web address www.microsoft.com, the “.com” is the blank 1 meaning blank 2.

web server name; World Wide Web

pathname; location of the webpage

top-level domain (TLD); commercial enterprise

domain name; name of the organization

(True or False) The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) sets standards for webpage design.

A(n) blank 1 website gathers, organizes, and then distributes web content.

content aggregator

media sharing

entertainment

search engine

(True or False) You must be online to use web apps.

On a webpage, a blank 1 provides supplemental material such as social networking feeds and ads.

navigation bar

header

footer

sidebar

Which of the following indicates a secure website connection?

https in the URL

http in the URL

the message “secure website” in the address bar

a shield icon in the address bar

Which of the following is not an advantage of e-commerce for consumers?

You save time by visiting websites instead of stores.

You have little risk of having your credit card number intercepted.

You can choose goods from any vendor in the world.

You can shop no matter your location, time of day, or conditions.

Which of the following describes business-to-business (B2B) e-commerce purchases?

The consumer is the decision maker.

Pricing can vary for each customer.

Customers bid on items being sold by other customers.

Customers can pick up the purchased item in a physical store.

A business-to-consumer (B2C) website tracks the items you place in a shopping cart using blank 1.

an electronic wallet

the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol

crawlers

cookies

(True or False) A digital coupon provides a promotional code you enter when you check out and pay for online purchases.

If you have blank 1, you can evaluate whether information is misleading, biased, or out of date.

information protocols

technical proficiency

information security

information literacy

(True or False) When you perform a search, a general search engine searches the entire Internet.

Who or what creates the index for a web directory?

a digital spider

a human editor

a wiki

a search operator

Which search operator would you use to locate webpages containing the exact phrase augmented reality, with words in the same order?

augmented + reality

– augmented reality

“augmented reality”

~augmented reality~

Which of the following is an example of a specialty search engine?

Bing

Wolfram Alpha

Google

NexTag

Checking a website author’s credentials is one way to establish a site’s blank 1.

copyright

information literacy

credibility

security

Which of the following lets you use a sentence or paragraph of text without permission if you include a citation to its source?

fair use doctrine

Creative Commons

CARS checklist

citation style

Plagiarism is best defined as blank 1.

moral principles that govern our behavior

the act of citing sources

using another’s work and claiming it as your own

rights belonging to a work’s creator



insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 3. Computer Hardware Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
(True or False) Flash memory is a type of volatile memory.

(True or False) Volatile memory loses its contents when power is removed.

(True or False) In an 8-bit coding scheme, 8 bits can represent one character.

Which of the following storage devices requires an Internet connection?

internal hard drive

cloud storage

solid state drive

flash memory

In which of the following types of computers is the system unit in separate housing from the monitor?

desktop computer

all-in-one computer

laptop computer

tablet

(True or False) In general, a high-powered processor is not necessary for a computer that will be used primarily to check email and browse the web.

All of the following are pointing devices except:

trackball

touchpad

mouse

touchpointer

(True or False) Plotters are small, lightweight printers that easily can be connected to mobile devices.

Which of the following tells your computer how to connect to devices you might connect?

device manager

device driver

configuration manager

communication manager

(True or False) The speed at which data travels on a bus is referred to as the word size.

Under which of the following circumstances might you be most likely to contact a professional to repair your computer or mobile device?

screen is broken

computer cannot synchronize with Bluetooth accessories

computer or device is too hot

printer will not print

(True or False) Uninterruptable power supplies and surge suppressors will help protect your computer from power outages.

If you are experiencing display problems on your computer, which of the following troubleshooting techniques might you attempt first?

Contact a professional for assistance.

Replace the cables.

Check to see that all cables are properly connected.

Purchase a new monitor.


insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 4. Operating Systems and File Management Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
(True or False) An operating system is a program that manages the complete operation of your computer or mobile device and lets you interact with it.

GUI stands for blank 1 user interface.

Google

graphical

government

general

(True or False) A data file contains the instructions your computer or device needs to run programs and apps.

(True or False) The operating system manages interactions between hardware and software.

Which of the following is NOT true about RAM?

Every program and app requires RAM.

The system can assign virtual memory to function as RAM.

RAM is nonvolatile memory.

RAM stores open apps and document data while a computer or device is on.

(True or False) The kernel is the core of an operating system.

blank 1 is any data and instructions entered into the memory.

Input

Information

Output

Objection

(True or False) A shortcut icon puts the actual file, folder, or app on the desktop, removing it from the location where it is saved on your computer or device

(True or False) CAPS LOCK is a sticky key.

The blank 1 window is the window you are currently using, which appears in front of any other open windows.

active

forward

native

default

(True or False) When you move a file to the Recycle Bin or Trash, it is permanently deleted.

Which of the following units measure millions of bytes of data?

kilobytes

megabytes

gigabytes

terabytes

(True or False) When you work on a file using a web app, changes are saved as you make them.

(True or False) File properties are the same no matter what type of file.

What is the temporary Windows storage area that holds items you copy or cut called?

the cloud

the buffer

the Library

the Clipboard

(True or False) Moving or copying a folder affects all of the contents of the folder.

(True or False) When you open the file manager you have access to frequently or recently opened files and folders, favorite files and folders, and the main folders on your computer or device.


insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 5. Software and Apps Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
You want to share information about an upcoming event at your school by creating a short promotional video. Which type of app might you use to create the video?

graphics and media

communications

device management

personal interest

Which of these is not an option for formatting text?

changing the text’s color

changing the text’s size

making text bold

copying a region of text

Which type of app would most likely NOT be found included in a productivity suite?

word processing

web browser

spreadsheet

presentation

To run a productivity app with most complete and advanced capabilities, you would most likely blank 1.

download it from an app store to your smartphone

run a web app in a web browser

install and run the software on your desktop or laptop computer

update the app online to make sure you have the most recent version

Mobile first design is important because blank 1.

developers must provide simplified user experiences for apps that run on small screens

sales of personal computers have surpassed sales of smartphones

developers can only write apps for one platform

smartphones generally have more processing power than laptops

When a value in a worksheet changes, the spreadsheet program will blank 1.

reformat any cells whose values changed

recalculate any cells whose formulas depend on the value that changed

delete the value

launch a calculator for you to check the calculations

When giving a presentation, pushing one slide off the right edge of the screen as another one appears is an example of a(n) blank 1.

transition

exit

entrance

animation

In a relational database, data is organized into rows of data called blank 1.

fields

tables

records

views

When you take a photo with a digital camera, most likely it is saved in blank 1 format.

TIFF

GIF

PNG

JPG


insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 6. Security and Safety Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
blank 1 are attackers who want to attack computers but lack the knowledge needed to do so.

Script kiddies

Hactivists

Cyberterrorists

Nation state actors

Each of the following is a factor that causes repetitive strain injury (RSI) except blank 1.

repetitive activity

improper technique

lack of restful sleep

uninterrupted intensity

(True or False) A worm is a malicious program that uses a computer network to replicate.

A blank 1 is a very short duration of a voltage increase that can be absorbed by a surge protector.

spike

surge

blackout

brownout

(True or False) Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2) Personal encrypts wireless data transmissions and limits who can access the Wi-Fi network.

When creating a strong password blank 1 is the most important element.

length

complexity

repetitiveness

ability to memorize

blank 1 is the process of “scrambling” information in such a way that it cannot be read unless the user possesses the “key.”

Decryption

Encryption

Digital signing

Certification

(True or False) You have the right to see your credit information.

Which of the following is not a web browser setting for managing cookies?

Have all cookies automatically expire after 45 days.

Accept or deny cookies.

Delete all cookies when the web browser is closed.

Make exceptions for specific websites.


insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 7. Digital Media Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
A _______ is an image you can see, store, and manipulate on a digital device.

geotag
sound wave
digital graphic
digital assistant
A process called _______ converts analog sound waves into digital sound.

sampling
augmenting
in-betweening
simulating
_______ refers to the clarity or sharpness of an image.

Compression
Bit rate
In-betweening
Resolution
A(n) _______ file uses lossy compression, which discards some of the original file data during compression.

SVG
GIF
WAV
JPG or JPEG
(True or False) Of the two types of digital animation, 2-D animation is considered superior to 3-D animation.

Mobile games were the first to popularize _______, which uses an image of an actual place or thing and adds digital information to it.

virtual reality (VR)
augmented reality (AR)
mixed reality (MR)
computer-aided design (CAD)
A _______ is a sophisticated computer animation useful for training and teaching in many fields.

keyframe
transition
simulation
motion-sensing game
With a search engine, you can use a _______ to search for pictures that you can use, share, or modify for personal or commercial use.

codec
license filter
graphics tablet
pixel
What type of software do engineers and scientists use to create wireframe drawings of objects, which they can rotate to view from many angles?

animation software
photo-editing software
spatial recognition software
3-D CAD software
(True or False) When you stream digital media, you must transfer the entire video or audio file to your computer.

(True or False) A scanner converts a printed document into a bitmap file by dividing the image into a grid of tiny cells and assigning colors to each cell.

A _______ combines speakers and a microphone into one device.

camcorder
hologram
headset
sound card
(True or False) Of all types of digital media, digital video files are the smallest and download faster than the other types.

Most _______ shows media on a timeline with separate tracks for video and sound.

image editing software
stock photo galleries
video editing software
video consoles





insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 8. Program and App Use and Development Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
(True or False) A copyright is an originator’s exclusive legal right to reproduce, publish, or sell intellectual property.

______ refers to a program that is copyrighted and provided at no cost, but the developer retains all rights to the product.

Shareware
Freeware
Open source
Public domain
(True or False) On a desktop or laptop computer, you should uninstall a program or app by using your system’s file management program to delete the folder containing the program’s files.

A(n) ______ is an upgrade that addresses a single issue.

patch
service pack
update
debugger
(True or False) Preinstalled programs and apps may be included as part of a marketing agreement between the device’s manufacturer and a software development company.

(True or False) Programs only are considered restricted by copyright laws if the author has applied for legal protections.

Which of the following troubleshooting tools would you use if you made an update that seems to have caused issues?

process manager
auditing tools
patch finder
restorer
(True or False) An EULA grants permission for one installation.

In OOP, a(n) ______ defines the format of an object and the actions the object can perform.

class
compiler
interpreter
source
Which of the following types of software creates a personal security zone around your computer or device?

moat
firewall
protection area
hacker
(True or False) UX refers to the focus on the user’s reaction and interaction to a product, including its efficiency, effectiveness, and ease of use.

During which phase of the SDLC does the feasibility study take place?

planning
design
analysis
implementation
(True or False) The waterfall method is an example of agile development.

Ruby and SQL are examples of what type of language?

procedural
4GL
assembly
machine
(True or False) In order to run a program’s source code, it must be translated into machine language.



insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 9. Web Development Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
When you write HTML code, you use blank 1 to describe the structure of information on a webpage.

a web address
tags
styles
links
CSS lets you change the blank 1 of a website.

behavior
structure
speed
appearance
Which of these is a use for JavaScript on a webpage?

centering text on a page
displaying a slideshow of images
creating a hyperlink
displaying an image as the background of a webpage
Which of these is most likely an example of a static website?

a website for purchasing an airplane ticket
a website for making reservations at a local restaurant
a website for creating and sharing vacation photos
a website for learning about a local barbershop’s hours and services
If you want to make a personal website and do not have any coding skills, you should probably use blank 1.

an IDE
a CMS
Filezilla
a website builder
A web host’s uptime is a measure of blank 1.

reliability, so visitors can access your site without concerns that the web server is unavailable
data transfer speed available so your site will load quickly
processing power available so complex database queries will run efficiently
the speed of the solid-state drives on the web server, so information can be stored quickly
Which of these usually is NOT collected by a website analytics tool?

number of visitors online
names of website visitors
how long a visitor stays on each page on average
type of device used to view the page
Which of these statements is true about XML?

You can export data from a database into XML to share with other applications
You can display XML data in a browser without special formatting
XML data is stored in binary, so it has small file sizes
Every XML file has a head and a body section.
When you upload webpage files from your computer to a web server, you should use a(n) blank 1.

text editor
website analytics tool
webpage builder
FTP client
Code to specify webpage elements such as paragraphs, lists, links, audio or video files, is an example of blank 1.

HTML
CSS
JavaScript
XML
Code to modify the background color of text or a webpage probably is an example of blank 1.

HTML
CSS
JavaScript
XML
When you can click a button on a website to run code to change the font size, the code that changes the font size dynamically probably is an example of blank 1.

HTML
CSS
JavaScript
XML
Which of these tags is not specified in the <body> section of a webpage?

<title>
<h1>
<p>
<br>
When coding an image, HTML 5 requires you to blank 1.

specify height and width attributes
specify descriptive alternative information using the alt attribute
place the image in an images folder
use the <image> tag
When coding a hyperlink to a webpage that is external to your website, an accepted behavior is to blank 1.

open the page in the same browser tab
open the page in a new browser tab
use a relative webpage reference
display a warning that you are visiting a webpage outside of your website
If your webpage contains a link to an external website and its web address changes, blank 1.

your webpage will automatically forward to the new address of the external page
the external website’s web host will notify you to update your webpage
the link to the external website must be a relative reference
the link on your website will no longer work
Which of these should you NOT do when including a video from YouTube on your website?

copy and paste in the embed code from YouTube into your webpage’s HTML file
use the <video> tag to access the video in your webpage’s HTML file
locate the code to include the video by clicking Share then embed
decide whether or not to display player controls on your webpage
Older HTML tags that have been replaced with newer ways to accomplish the same task are called blank 1.

discontinued
depreciated
deprecated
defunct



insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 10. Networking Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
(True or False) Networks allow computers to share resources, such as hardware, software, data, and information.

(True or False) A switch is a communications device that connects a communications channel such as the Internet to a sending or receiving device such as a computer.

(True or False) A DSL modem uses existing standard copper telephone wiring to send and receive digital data.

Which of the following is not a common network topology?

bus network

star network

client/server network

mesh network

Which of the following is a private network used by organizations to communicate internally?

intranet

Internet

extranet

virtual network

(True or False) Adware tracks and transmits personal information from your computer or device without your knowledge.

Which of the following describes a normal-looking, yet fraudulent Wi-Fi network?

virtual private network

trojan

spoof

evil twin

(True or False) Two types of firewalls include hardware firewalls and software firewalls.

Which of the following is an advisable practice for securing data stored on a network?

Store all data on network attached storage.

Allow all network users access to all data.

Only grant access to data to those with a legitimate need.

Store data on a separate storage device instead of one that is connected to the network.

(True or False) Encryption converts unrecognizable data into recognizable data.

Which government agency is responsible for releasing the rules surrounding Internet access?

Federal Communications Commission (FCC)

Internet Advisory Board (IAB)

Internet Access Commission (IAC)

None of the above

(True or False) The Ethernet standard controls how network interface cards (NICs), routers, and modems share access to cables and phone lines, as well as dictates how to transmit data.

Which of the following is not a safety precaution for securing a wireless network?

Regularly change the wireless network key.

Change the administrative password from the factory-provided default.

Disable WPA2.

Regularly check for and perform updates to your router’s software.


insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 11. Digital Communication Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
The sending of data from one computer or mobile device to another, often via the Internet, is called ________.

anonymous messaging
networking
digital communication
netiquette
(True or False) You can send text messages over cellular networks using a mobile phone, or through the web using a desktop computer.

A town might inform its residents of an impending tornado using a(n) ________.

podcast
aggregator
media-sharing network
microblog
To remove older email messages from your mailbox without deleting them, you can _____ them.

attach
reply to
copy
archive
As you use digital communication, you should follow the rules of _____ to protect yourself, your family, and your career.

netiquette
interactivity
social media
privacy
Which of the following is not a negative effect of social networking?

exposure to illegal activities
increased sense of community
loss of information control
decreased employability
Pinterest, Fancred, and Fitocracy are examples of _____ networks.

social shopping
sharing economy
interest-based
blog
(True or False) Online harassment is called anonymous messaging.

Which of the following is true for video conferences?

They can only have two participants at one time.
They may require you to download software and set up an account.
They are the same as video chats.
They do not allow participants to see and hear each other.



insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 12. Digital Transformation: Cloud, E-commerce, and AI Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
What characteristic of cloud technology helps minimize storage costs by allowing customers to pay only for what the resources they use?

Broad network access

Measured service

Resource pooling

On-demand self-service

Your website development team is setting up a new website for your company, and you’ve decided to host this website in a cloud service. However, in the interest of improving the website’s performance, you don’t want to have to manage underlying servers. What kind of cloud service will best meet your needs?

SaaS

FWaaS

IaaS

PaaS

Which of the following is not a concern when storing sensitive files in cloud storage?

Access to data during an outage

Compliance with state and federal laws

Automatic scaling of services

Third party access to data

What kind of technology can allow employees to access information about accumulated vacation days from their home computers?

E-commerce

Cloud

CRM

IaaS

What marketing strategy can help streamline contacts with customers and target customer interests?

E-business

USP

Omnichannel

C2C

What kind of e-commerce platform is best suited to support C2C transactions?

Online marketplace

Physical store

Internet-native store

Online storefront

Which e-commerce job role has the most direct influence on customer satisfaction ratings?

Shipping clerk

Customer service representative

Marketing specialist

Delivery truck driver

What set of standards requires retailers to encrypt customers’ payment information?

HIPAA

RaaS

PCI DSS

CRM

What AI technology does a computer use to get better at playing chess?

NLP

ML

Chatbot

IoT

An AI system can use ________ learning processes to identify a previously unknown cause of heart disease.

reinforcement

supervised

personalized

unsupervised

What technologies can be used to connect an IoT device to a local network? Choose two.

Wi-Fi

ANN

Bluetooth

Smart plug

What technology can a call center technician use to find information about a product a customer is interested in purchasing?

RPA

Data analytics

IoT

Chatbot

How can your smartphone’s virtual assistant determine if you’re giving it a command or if someone else is talking instead?

You pause before asking your question.

You use the correct wake word.

You include details in your request.

You complete the voice training process.



insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 13. Databases Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
In a veterinarian’s database, data about an individual pet is stored as a separate _____________.

table

column

field

record

Aimee works for a martial arts studio. Which of the following tables will give her contact information for the mother of a student who requested more information about a new class being offered?

Classes

Locations

Instructors

Students

Carlos’s small start-up company can’t afford their own servers, but they need a robust database for their new web app. Which of the following is the best fit for Carlos’s needs?

Microsoft SQL Server

Google Docs

Amazon Aurora

Microsoft Excel

Chantelle wants to change the color scheme for her company’s web app, and she needs to get the logos updated. What kind of developer should she talk to?

Back-end

DBA

Front-end

Mobile

Which data type would be best for a username field?

Short text

Hyperlink

Long text

AutoNumber

Which database object is best suited to print and hand out during a presentation to a board of advisors?

Table

Report

Form

Query

Which SQL statement would show the type of pet most preferred by retirees?

INSERT INTO TblPets (Owner, Species)

VALUES (‘Retired’, ‘Pet’)

SELECT OwnerAge

FROM TblOwner

WHERE OwnerAge >64

SELECT Species

FROM TblPets

WHERE OwnerAge >64

SELECT Species

FROM TblOwners

WHERE Pet=‘Yes’

Which of the following techniques would be detrimental to the security of an insurance company’s database?

Require long account passwords

Encrypt customer contact information

Install the database server behind a firewall

Allow any user to delete tables

Which aspect of the CIA triad requires that passwords in a database be encrypted?

Integrity

Scalability

Availability

Confidentiality

What’s the most important reason that Big Data is often managed in a cloud environment?

Volume

Veracity

Value

Variety

A database for a website where thousands of users will post their own photos needs to be highly ________________ to handle the quickly increasing number of files.

available

scalable

consistent

distributed

Nadine can check her _____________ for updated, at-a-glance information on current stock prices.

data warehouse

relational database

dashboard

data lake



insert into act(act_cat,actname) values(@catid,'Module 14. Digital Ethics and Lifestyle Review Questions')
select @actid=scope_identity()
(True or False) A person living a digital lifestyle relies on technology to be productive and creative, to manage activities, and to consume entertainment.

AUP stands for ______ use policy.

activity

acceptable

app

administrative

(True or False) Catfishing is the deliberate posting of content intended to cause harm or mislead people by tricking them into believing something that is false.

(True or False) Digital inclusion is the movement to ensure that all users have access to devices, data, and infrastructure to receive high-speed, accurate, reliable information.

The ______ allows you to use a sentence or paragraph of text without permission if you include a citation to the original source.

Creative Commons

public domain

fair use doctrine

DRM

(True or False) Your digital footprint includes all of the information about you that exists online.

A ______ is a collaborative website where users can publish and modify content on a webpage.

wiki

wireframe

blog

chat room

(True or False) It does not matter if your webpage content follows a logical order, as screen readers will read in a random order.

A digital ______ is a period of time during which an individual refrains from using technology.

divide

quarantine

vacation

detox

RSI stands for repetitive ______ injuries.

soreness

strain

syndrome

symptom

(True or False) It is not necessary to remove your personal data from a device before recycling or disposing of it.


