Review Questions
Each webpage is assigned a(n) blank 1, an address that identifies the location of the page on the Internet.

Internet Protocol (IP)

uniform resource locator (URL)

top-level domain (TLD)

Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)

In the web address www.microsoft.com, the “.com” is the blank 1 meaning blank 2.

web server name; World Wide Web

pathname; location of the webpage

top-level domain (TLD); commercial enterprise

domain name; name of the organization

(True or False) The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) sets standards for webpage design.

A(n) blank 1 website gathers, organizes, and then distributes web content.

content aggregator

media sharing

entertainment

search engine

(True or False) You must be online to use web apps.

On a webpage, a blank 1 provides supplemental material such as social networking feeds and ads.

navigation bar

header

footer

sidebar

Which of the following indicates a secure website connection?

https in the URL

http in the URL

the message “secure website” in the address bar

a shield icon in the address bar

Which of the following is not an advantage of e-commerce for consumers?

You save time by visiting websites instead of stores.

You have little risk of having your credit card number intercepted.

You can choose goods from any vendor in the world.

You can shop no matter your location, time of day, or conditions.

Which of the following describes business-to-business (B2B) e-commerce purchases?

The consumer is the decision maker.

Pricing can vary for each customer.

Customers bid on items being sold by other customers.

Customers can pick up the purchased item in a physical store.

A business-to-consumer (B2C) website tracks the items you place in a shopping cart using blank 1.

an electronic wallet

the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol

crawlers

cookies

(True or False) A digital coupon provides a promotional code you enter when you check out and pay for online purchases.

If you have blank 1, you can evaluate whether information is misleading, biased, or out of date.

information protocols

technical proficiency

information security

information literacy

(True or False) When you perform a search, a general search engine searches the entire Internet.

Who or what creates the index for a web directory?

a digital spider

a human editor

a wiki

a search operator

Which search operator would you use to locate webpages containing the exact phrase augmented reality, with words in the same order?

augmented + reality

– augmented reality

“augmented reality”

~augmented reality~

Which of the following is an example of a specialty search engine?

Bing

Wolfram Alpha

Google

NexTag

Checking a website author’s credentials is one way to establish a site’s blank 1.

copyright

information literacy

credibility

security

Which of the following lets you use a sentence or paragraph of text without permission if you include a citation to its source?

fair use doctrine

Creative Commons

CARS checklist

citation style

Plagiarism is best defined as blank 1.

moral principles that govern our behavior

the act of citing sources

using another’s work and claiming it as your own

rights belonging to a work’s creator


